fix: changed inflation docs (#1215)
evmos/evmos: x/inflation/spec/01_concepts.md

implemented through an exponential formula, a.k.a. the Half Life.

Inflation is minted in daily epochs. During a period of 365 epochs (one year), a
daily provision (`epochProvison`) of Evmos tokens is minted and allocated to staking rewards,

> usage incentives and the community pool. The epoch provision depends on module parameters and is calculated every epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage incentives and the community pool. The epoch provision depends on module parameters and is recalculated at the end of every epoch.
```

implemented through an exponential formula, a.k.a. the Half Life.

Inflation is minted in daily epochs. During a period of 365 epochs (one year), a
daily provision (`epochProvison`) of Evmos tokens is minted and allocated to staking rewards,

> usage incentives and the community pool. The epoch provision depends of parameters and calculated every day.

Reviewer 2: Nit: suggestion
```suggestion
usage incentives and the community pool. The epoch provision depends on parameters and is calculated every day.
```

> usage incentives and the community pool. The epoch provision depends on parameters and is calculated every day.

Reviewer: I think it makes sense to mention here that the parameters are controlled by governance.
```suggestion
usage incentives and the community pool. The epoch provision depends on governance-controlled parameters and is calculated every day.
```

Author: I think this it's obvious as parameters of every module controlled by governance, I would rather add word `module`, to get `on module parameters`

Reviewer: module parameters sounds good to me as well

> At the end of each epoch, the epoch provision is recalculated with the calculation below:

Reviewer: The last sentence before this is already saying that it's recalculated every day and the paragraph says that inflation is using daily epochs - IMO it's repeated too often if it's also mentioned here again
```suggestion
The calculation of the epoch provision is done according to the following formula:
```

```latex
periodProvision = exponentialDecay       *  bondingIncentive
f(x)            = (a * (1 - r) ^ x + c)  *  (1 + maxVariance * (1 - bondedRatio / bondingTarget))

> epochProvision = periodProvision / epochsPerPeriod * powerReduction

Reviewer 3: nit: might be a good idea to include parenthesis here to make order of operations more obvious than just reading left to right, ex. `epochProvision = periodProvision / (epochsPerPeriod * powerReduction)` versus `epochProvision = (periodProvision / epochsPerPeriod) * powerReduction`.

Reviewer: What is the `powerReduction`? It should definitely be explained and defined if it's added to the calculation

Author: I decided to not include `PowerReduction` as It can be confusing for readers(as It serves for specific purpose, and not affect inflation distribution etc), It's just 10**18(decimals) number to convert portion value to `aevmos` units (remark if I'm wrong @fedekunze), not sure why It is called `PowerReduction`, but still not necessary to include this in the docs

Reviewer: > [...], but still not necessary to include this in the docs

I don't mean to cause a fuzz about something small but I strongly disagree - if it's listed it the formula, it must be explained. If it's not explained and not meaningful to the understanding then remove it from the docs.
